the boys then I'll start a video
here for you just helping as you think
sort of the game's secret cars
practical way and that I can
help I so oh I've done the center
I have done is constant since all the
cars will start here with you
first in the center of the west, which is a
easy you go first thing you
they will have to do
look for the antennas that I think
I can not go wrong at 56 worth every state
has one down has another three try
another another here four to five
is this is 5 until 2005 so far goes
appear all car parts male
flashes on the map and it's pretty easy already
opened then it's going to stay for me it's going to happen
the exact location where the piece is
I will come here just to show you
as that is the car part outta
come in here this is good for you
Where are you from? Where are you from?
put the car Midwest not me
I remember what it is but I'm going to dock or drug
in the basics that only show you
for barbarian white ac do not appear is
that the first car is not the
first car left I think this one
first car so the piece is no longer just
the piece that has already collected the
piece did not push the button not
to do anything just to get to the foot
request here already was already collected the piece
are 20 feet in each state
It's a little long there but it's
one quite open already you find it fast
I'll move on to the map here for you.
More or less, where are you? It's here.
far I'll go closer to see
once again will vote the antennas and the pieces
hotel oscar inn here is the species then it is
It's very easy in time for you to have a face.
Walking, it will take time to accept.
Makes you happy, will you?
like I 'm going to have to be and do not have a face
I'm correct, it's not something I have to
do what it does not have an open map
I'll give you an explanation here.
Fernando was saying that he is a play
here in the middle he placed there pick up carol
fast trip as close as possible
fast travel
or appeared there had my map as
it was not
now how will it be already opened in
return
So go there and begging to go to
here to get Portuguese will get is
important to react quickly and sharply
maps that have the privilege points
April
the wave of chance that will open more
map then it means that it is more
Easy if you do not go naked by the same blow I did
in the beginning first thing that the end of
game was part program I thought
it was 5 beautiful hour car and color there was
friend looks I'm joined the parts is
Why did you hit the cars or not?
join 1
That's it, I'll show you one more thing.
You pick guy over here on the farm.
it's duck to make money
2 thousand each expansion per cone that
want to walk to know everything
on the map can if does not equal
I'm the boss, I'm a trickster here.
carrying the teleport in place will leave in
up the cone
The only thing you'll have to do
walk a little bit forward
press x is on it
here enters x ball has already won 2 thousand already
told me
I'll show you 15 for this is an item
the other does not evolve any guess
this is another one I have not changed according to
and seeing're not done anything with them will
show the other
here the other
I'll show the room if I'm not mistaken.
the bug that the last car will find that
tell if it's just the way everything goes from
order that will find the car the kind of
and last of the circuit gave a
evolved this is cute here for me
The guys are there, so if anyone
want any hint something comments
then google the channel below the video
I'm going to vote, helping, I'll do it.
new videos of the guys to give to
well in the game you have easier money
then also closed, that's it
thanks